members.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Members
permalink: /members/
topnav: 30
---


# Members

If you would like to join RRA or renew your supscription please [register](/register/).


## Newsletters

Newsletters are produced quarterly and are emailed to all members. Newsletters are archived here after six months.

- [October 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_10.pdf)
- [June 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_06.pdf)
- [Easter 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_03.pdf)
- [Janurary 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_01.pdf)
- [December 2014 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2014_12.pdf)

## Minutes

### Minutes of RRA Committee Meetings
- [RRA Committee Minutes 17 Feb 2016 (pdf)](/assets/minutes/160217 RRA Committee Minutes 17 Feb 2016.pdf)
- [RRA Committee Minutes 3 March 2016 (pdf](/assets/minutes/160303 RRA Committee Minutes 3 March 2016.pdf)
- [RRA Committee Minutes 22 March 2016 (pdf)](/assets/minutes/160322 RRA Committee Minutes 22 March 2016.pdf)

### Minutes of RRA Members Meetings
- [RRA Members General Meeting Minutes 27 Mar 2016 (pdf)](/assets/minutes/160326 RRA Members General Meeting Minutes 27 Mar 2016.pdf)


## Hall Hire

RRA is responsible for the care of the Community Hall on the wharf. This hall can be hired by contacting the Secretary - [secretary@rra.nz](mailto:secretary@rra.nz?subject=Hall Hire)

Usually, the fee will involve a koha that benefits the island.

Commit message:

update rra minutes and update facbook link

members.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Members
permalink: /members/
topnav: 30
---


# Members

If you would like to join RRA or renew your supscription please [register](/register/). There is also a [Friends of Rakino Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1523537804574823/) that you can join to keep up on current events on the island


## Newsletters

Newsletters are produced quarterly and are emailed to all members. Newsletters are archived here after six months.

- [October 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_10.pdf)
- [June 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_06.pdf)
- [Easter 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_03.pdf)
- [Janurary 2015 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2015_01.pdf)
- [December 2014 (pdf)](/assets/newsletters/RRA_Newsletter_2014_12.pdf)

## Minutes

### Minutes of RRA Committee Meetings
- [RRA Committee Minutes 17 Feb 2016 (pdf)](/assets/minutes/160217 RRA Committee Minutes 17 Feb 2016.pdf)
- [RRA Committee Minutes 3 March 2016 (pdf](/assets/minutes/160303 RRA Committee Minutes 3 March 2016.pdf)
- [RRA Committee Minutes 22 March 2016 (pdf)](/assets/minutes/160322 RRA Committee Minutes 22 March 2016.pdf)
- [RRA Committee Minutes 14 April 2016 (pdf)](/assets/minutes/160414 RRA Committee Minutes 14 April 2016.pdf)
### Minutes of RRA Members Meetings
- [RRA Members General Meeting Minutes 27 Mar 2016 (pdf)](/assets/minutes/160326 RRA Members General Meeting Minutes 27 Mar 2016.pdf)


## Hall Hire

RRA is responsible for the care of the Community Hall on the wharf. This hall can be hired by contacting the Secretary - [secretary@rra.nz](mailto:secretary@rra.nz?subject=Hall Hire)

Usually, the fee will involve a koha that benefits the island.
